introduction_to_apache_arrow_and_datafusion/README.md, before:

# Introduction to Apache Arrow and Datafusion

This article gives an overview of both Datafusion and Apache Arrow. The focus is introducing both of the libraries and exploring their primary use cases. Important features are explored at a high level, and code samples are used to provide examples.

## Outline

### Introduction to the series

- What is this series about and why am I writing it?
- What topcis will be covered in the series?

### Topic: Introduction to Apache Arrow and Datafusion

- What is the goal of this article?
- What will be covered in this article

### Apache Arrow

- What is Apache Arrow

#### Memory Model

- In-memory columnar format
- Implementation

#### Compute Kernals

- Operations on arrays

### Datafusion

- What is DataFusion

#### Query Engine Breakdown

- Abstract syntax tree
- Tree to logical nodes
- Logical nodes to logical plan
- Optimize logical plan
- Logical plan to execution plan
- Execution plan is executed

#### Querying Data

- DataFrame API
- SQL API

Commit message:

Fix typo in DataFusion library name

introduction_to_apache_arrow_and_datafusion/README.md, after:

# Introduction to Apache Arrow and DataFusion

This article gives an overview of both DataFusion and Apache Arrow. The focus is introducing both of the libraries and exploring their primary use cases. Important features are explored at a high level, and code samples are used to provide examples.

## Outline

### Introduction to the series

- What is this series about and why am I writing it?
- What topcis will be covered in the series?

### Topic: Introduction to Apache Arrow and DataFusion

- What is the goal of this article?
- What will be covered in this article

### Apache Arrow

- What is Apache Arrow

#### Memory Model

- In-memory columnar format
- Implementation

#### Compute Kernals

- Operations on arrays

### DataFusion

- What is DataFusion

#### Query Engine Breakdown

- Abstract syntax tree
- Tree to logical nodes
- Logical nodes to logical plan
- Optimize logical plan
- Logical plan to execution plan
- Execution plan is executed

#### Querying Data

- DataFrame API
- SQL API
